form of police officers swooped into a
parking lot to stop an illegal street
race nearly 200 young people are sighted
their cars impounded Marco Gonzalez is
live in ontario where cops just wrapped
up the major drag race sting marco who
this was massive over 180 people
arrested 27 of them were juveniles this
was the intersection where the cops
caught these illegal street racers and
as one a racer described it this bus
came as a total shock they came from
both ends like seven cars seven cop cars
on each side there's no way to get up
this guy who says he had been racing his
yellow 1995 acura integra busted along
with crowds of other illegal street
racers and spectators I knew it was a
bad idea to come down here in the first
place but I mean I didn't really think
twice about it Airport drive just west
of etiwanda in Ontario was where the bus
went down officers say it's a hotspot
for drag racing but last night they were
ready approximately 100 officers from 12
different agencies who take part in a
regional task force known as the San
Bernardino County dragnet task force
when out in force they actually came
across 187 folks that were taking part
in an illegal street race after spending
time sitting on the curb busloads of
handcuffed suspects were hauled in to
the Ontario Police Department Antonio
Suarez has friends who street race and
he knows why drivers prefer this
location just because they're really
large roads with no you know very nice
condition they're mostly empty and they
can get away with it and I am except not
this time this undercover video shows
car after car lined up ready to tear
through the streets sergeant McBride
says cracking down on this illegal
behavior is crucial because these folks
are racing their cars go out of control
spectators get hurt we've had numerous
fatality related crashes aside from the
racers spectators were arrested to 184
of them this guy says he was just there
to watch but now his car along with 73
others has been impound
so will he be back to see another street
race no no hope I get my car back I'm
gonna get my car back though yeah he'll
get his car back is in a costume up to
four hundred dollars to get it out of
impound not to mention the cost of that
citation also picked up last night
several miners who were in violation of
curfew and the good news here is that
the race was stopped before somebody was
killed I'm Marco Gonzales live in
ontario tonight back to you in the
studio